hi to all and nino so today
I present you a little glitch enough
nice to take out his weapon
in his garage
so as you can see at home with
a friend so necessarily a child or a
person you meet online if
you want him to do a little troll
no problem
so what will it take his fingers on
base that stays in your garage that does not
not move you have to do everything your
money be in your pocket and not on
your bank account
we are going on money and services
have bank withdrawal and you withdraw the
maximum that you can story that
you have nothing left on your
graves once it's done it's
nickel you're nice nastic you
go find property and you take
any one in any case
will not be bought so the game example
like this one makes you buy the
property
there you do that is the alert had
not enough money that's nickel you
makes believe and you bomb round or
long so here I have a little accelerated the
kinematic
otherwise it 'll take a lot of
time
once you go answer
stay away from the door of
garage history of not get out these homes
so you will have this page
thank you to the fact as car is
not charged you can kill so
the agetur kaprisky box and cars
in charge and so if moment of
visibility as if your game takes
and do not know what that means
do you do the powerful server
sometimes it lasts a little longer
but there I was not very lucky
because it lasted a few seconds
but I had time to kill me thus
you can see the pool of blood that the
Maid cleaning is payroll
not to go so this is this plot
and here we go all will not be affected
because they will not be there they
will not be charged once she
charge
you will logically see as on
the screen and the glitch will be over there and he
will have to restart the demo if you
do not want to start again so gbagbo s
but you said I like subscribe you
will be happy and it's up to him
for new video